#504641,ABC News Daily\ABC News Daily is the podcast that helps you understand the issues affecting your world. Every episode, host Samantha Hawley walks through one story with the help of an ABC colleague or expert in under 15 minutes. When you want coverage you can trust, l..
#318135,All In The Mind\All In The Mind is ABC RN's weekly podcast looking into the mental universe, the mind, brain and behaviour - everything from addiction to artificial intelligence.
#711605,AM\AM is Australia's most informative morning current affairs program. With key political interviews and stories about the Australian way of life, AM sets the agenda for the nation's daily news and current affairs coverage.
#1047171,BBC Inside Science\A weekly programme that illuminates the mysteries and challenges the controversies behind the science that's changing our world.
#910723,Big Picture Science\The surprising connections in science and technology that give you the Big Picture. Astronomer Seth Shostak and science journalist Molly Bentley are joined each week by leading researchers, techies, and journalists to provide a smart and humorous take o..
#778192,Download This Show\Download This Show is your weekly guide to the world of media, culture, and technology. From social media to gadgets, streaming services to privacy issues. Each week Marc Fennell and a team of people far smarter than him (his words, not ours) take a fun..
#311156,Future Tense\A critical look at new technologies, new approaches and new ways of thinking, from politics to media to environmental sustainability.
#204504,Global News Podcast\The day's top stories from BBC News. Delivered twice a day on weekdays, daily at weekends.
#1026613,Hard Fork\"Hard Fork" is a show about the future that's already here. Each week, journalists Kevin Roose and Casey Newton explore and make sense of the latest in the rapidly changing world of tech.  Subscribe today at nytimes.com/podcasts or on Apple Podcasts and..
#314052,In Our Time: Science\Scientific principles, theory, and the role of key figures in the advancement of science.
#636896,PM\PM covers stories across Australia and the world, explaining and analysing the most important events and issues of the day.
#551590,Science Friction\Artificial Intelligence has suddenly gone from the fringes of science to being everywhere. So how did we get here? And where's this all heading? In this new series of Science Friction, we're finding out.
#866260,Science In Action\The BBC brings you all the week's science news.
#656979,Science Vs\There are a lot of fads, blogs and strong opinions, but then there's SCIENCE. Science Vs is the show from Spotify Studios that finds out what's fact, what's not, and what's somewhere in between. We do the hard work of sifting through all the science so ..
#1161580,Sliced Bread\The series that investigates the latest ad-hyped products and trending fads promising to make us healthier, happier and greener. Are they really 'the best thing since sliced bread'? Science presenter Greg Foot finds out.Greg speaks to experts on a bunk-..
#491578,The Infinite Monkey Cage\Brian Cox and Robin Ince host a witty, irreverent look at the world through scientists' eyes.
#528034,The Life Scientific\Professor Jim Al-Khalili talks to leading scientists about their life and work, finding out what inspires and motivates them and asking what their discoveries might do for us in the future
#887135,The Science Show\The Science Show gives Australians unique insights into the latest scientific research and debate, from the physics of cricket to prime ministerial biorhythms.
#522613,This American Life\Each week we choose a theme. Then anything can happen. This American Life is true stories that unfold like little movies for radio. Personal stories with funny moments, big feelings, and surprising plot twists. Newsy stories that try to capture what it'..
